Now go in and come out.
Sorry, I just launched it.
I accept your apology.
Thank you. I'll go home first.
Credit quickly.
You want to go, isn't it far?
Is it possible? I will accompany you according to this.
I mean, you just did this,
He must have been given some medicine, and it was very targeted.
I know I'll be interested,
Do walk, I told you,
I am a family member.
But if you are targeted again, can you be sure that it is safe for you to go out for surgery?
You can make sure that arrangements can be made for you.
Generally, these medicines are mutually exclusive.
I'm sorry now, I'm not sure yet what they are after me,
This is the identity of the accomplice
This much loving girl
Then I will kill you tonight
How long does it take to ask for any situation?
I don't think so
Even if you don't have the emotion to move, you can take someone with you.